SOURCES
https://theamericans.fandom.com/wiki/Elizabeth_Jennings
https://filmdaily.co/obsessions/slyest-pseudonyms-the-americans/

https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/americans_a.jpg?w=1024

-- ACCORDION 1 --
Elizabeth (Korman) Jennings lives in a Falls Church, Virginia with her husband, Phillip, and her
children, Paige and Henry. They live the American dream. 

Elizabeth and her husband run a small travel agency in Dupont Circle. They assist various
community members, such as her daughter's church group, to take vacations and missions across
the world. 

Elizabeth is smart, driven, and charismatic. She will do anything for the people she loves, and
is dedicated to her ideals. Elizabeth is a tough, but nurturing figure in her children's lives. She has some 
issues coming to terms with Paige's interest in religion, but is willing to try her best. She worries about 
Henry's interest in video games, but knows he's smart and capable of great things.



-- ACCORDION 2 --
Nadezhda Borisovna Popova was born in Smolensk, Soviet Union, in 1940. Her father died when she was
two in the battle of Stalingrad. She was raised by her mother, a bookkepper for the local party
committee. 

Nadezhda trained in Gryazi, Soviet Union to become a Directorate S Officer, also known as 
the Illegals Program. She learned various skills in combat and deception, as well as American
cultural identities and speech patterns. Nadezhda was introduced to Mikhail (Mischa) Andreiovich Petrov in 
1962, her future husband in America. They were to never speak Russian again, and never discuss their lives 
prior to moving to America. 

Nadezhda is absolutely devoted to the Soviet cause. She will do anything for her people. She's
a tough love type of person. As an operative she is unrelenting, and unafraid to risk her own 
life for the cause.

-- TABBED SECTION DSO --
Aliases
    Kelly Mainstill  -  Deputy Cheif of Staff for the Vice President's office. 
    Purpose: To check on President Reagan's condition with a hospital source after 
    his assassination attempt.

    Frances Raysens  -  Psychologist
    Purpose: To assess the mental stability of KGB informant, Adam Darwin. 

    Jennifer Westerfeld  -  Clark's sister and Martha's sister-in-law.
    Purpose: To provide Clark with family as a cover.

    Jackie Mackelhan  -  Mover at a Newport News submarine plant. 
    Purpose: To steal classified plans of a particular blade.

    Ann Chadwick  -  Social Worker
    Purpose: To look after Jared Connors after the death of his family. 

    Laura Gering  -  CIA Security Officer
    Purpose: To handle Andrew Larrick and convince Abassin Zadran to murder two 
    other Muiahideen commanders.

    Michelle  ―  Alcoholics Anonymous attendee and General Dynamics employee. 
    Purpose: To use Lisa, her sponsor and a Northrup employee, to take pictures of stealth 
    technology. 

    Ms. Lefler  ―  Businesswoman. 
    Purpose: To seduce Neil Sandilands, the Clayton Hotel manager, in order to gain access 
    to the hotel room where the CIA guarding Mujahideen commanders stayed. 

    Patty Rawlings  -  Aspiring Mary Kay consultant. 
    Purpose: To gain the trust of the Seong family and steal an access code to which
    Young-Hee's husband, Don Seong, has access at the lab he works at which contains pathogens. 
    
    Dee Eckert - Airline attendant, married to Brad Eckert and adoptive mother of Tuan Eckert. 
    Purpose: Spy on the Morozov family who fled the Soviet Union. 

    Stephanie  -  In-home nurse. 
    Purpose: Gain information from Glenn Haskard who works with Soviet negotiators. 
